Day 17

1) Write a function to merge two arrays.
2) Create a copy of the array using spread operator.
3) Fetch first three elements of array into local variables.
4) Assign default values to variables a,b,c with value 10 if no value present in existing array.
5) Extract local variables adrress and name  of an employee from exitsing  employee object. {name: "Ramesh", address: {city: "Blr", state: "KA"}};

6) Extract city, state alone into local variables currentCity and currentState.


Day 18:

1) Write a function whihc takes one parameter name to greet as "Good Morning Given name"

"Good Afternoon name", Good evening name, based on the current time.
hint: Use Date class to change the current time and date.
2) Write a class name Degree  with properties such as durationOfCourse, typeOfDegree,  courseFee, courseName, write setter and getter methods for all those properties , also create a static property to get the no of degrees avaiable / created by using the class.

3) Write class which maintains variable tells no of systems available in a class.
 Make a method to get the count , make a method to increment the counter and also a method to decrement the count variable.

4) Write a class Book which have properties such as name, author, price, genre, rargetteedPeople.

Write a constructor, to initilize the properties of Book.
Also write setters and getters for the properties.

5) Write programe to return the next value each time untill it recahes 100.(Use generators)


Day 19:

1) Write a programe to construct an object which takes the variable literals as properties.

2) Super class - ElectronicDevice {name, price}, child classes can be like Laptop {Dimensions: height and width}, Phone {diagonal}, Telivision { typeOfTv: LCD/LED}.

Create objects for the sub classes Phone ,  => iPhone, samsung like so
Craete objects for Laptop and Tv as well.


3) In above programe , separate Dimensions into a separate class and include that as property in Laptop. Have getters and setters for all the properties.

Day 20:

1) Write a programe to add all the array elements using recursion.
2) Write a function to remove duplicates in an array using set and return the resultsed array
3) Write a  function to merge the two sets and return resulted set.
4) Write a function to find the difference between two sets A and B  and return the resulted set.
 A : {1,2,3,4,5} , B : {1,2,3}
difference(A, B) => {4,5} 

Like above differnce function , write a function to join (union) the two sets.
Like above differnce function , write a function to return common (intersection) elements from the two sets.
5)  write a  function to merge two maps and return a map.
6) Write a programe to convert  add elements into map.
key should a string and value should a anumber.

7) Write a programe to increment the value of ecah entry in the map and set them back too the same key.
